SOLP-1808 Import module refguide (#6491)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/general/mx-command-line-tool/adaptable.md

    * `1` – parameter validation error
    * `2` – output-related error
    * `3` – errors related to the execution of the operation

> * `Y` is the number of the parameter the error is related to (if applicable). The first parameter is parameter 0.

Reviewer: I think it helps to remind customers that we start counting at 0.

Author: do we mention numbers anywhere in the documentation?
technically parameter number 0 is the name of the app executable running

Reviewer: Ah - I've looked at your explanations below and I understand better now. You put zero if neither parameter has an error. So perhaps say
```suggestion
* `Y` is the number of the parameter the error is related to (if applicable). It the error is not related to the parameters, this is zero.
```

| Option | Shortcut | Result |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `--based-on` | `-b` | Shows the `Based on` version. |

> | `--help` | | Shows help for the `mx show-app-version` command and exits. |

Reviewer: The `-h` parameter doesn't work (Mendix 10.2.0.14269).
I don't know if this is intentional, but I've changed it throughout the documentation so it matches the product.
